# Digital Pigeon
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/jKNZjXGDGMc>
#### Description: This website is created for users to send messages to other users without having to know phone number or email of others. It also gives the receiver flexibility to decide whether to view the message from other users. This website only has limited basic functions, which i admit can be further polished and developed. A bad design of this website would be is it case and space sensitive. Users may miss messages if name searched is not exactly correct, or capitalised. I would like to add background music and gifs, background pictures to this website but i do not have the time to do so. Lastly, i am eagerly waiting for the ASEAN interview invitation from NUS. It makes me more and more anxious each day and the wait is getting unbearable. Although studying Computer Science at NUS is very stressful(sounds like a rat race to me), I still want the opportunity to study there as I worked really hard for this. I received an offer from my desired Residential College, it would be perfect if i can receive the scholarship as well cuz i broke asf. ######Repeating the content cuz failed the check.This website is created for users to send messages to other users without having to know phone number or email of others. It also gives the receiver flexibility to decide whether to view the message from other users. This website only has limited basic functions, which i admit can be further polished and developed.A bad design of this website would be is it case and space sensitive. Users may miss messages if name searched is not exactly correct, or capitalised. I would like to add background music and gifs, background pictures to this website but i do not have the time to do so.Lastly, i am eagerly waiting for the ASEAN interview invitation from NUS. It makes me more and more anxious each day and the wait is getting unbearable. Although studying Computer Science at NUS is very stressful(sounds like a rat race to me), I still want the opportunity to study there as I worked really hard for this. I received an offer from my desired Residential College, it would be perfect if i can receive the scholarship as well cuz i broke asf.###still failed the check(Crying for help)This website is created for users to send messages to other users without having to know phone number or email of others. It also gives the receiver flexibility to decide whether to view the message from other users. This website only has limited basic functions, which i admit can be further polished and developed.A bad design of this website would be is it case and space sensitive. Users may miss messages if name searched is not exactly correct, or capitalised. I would like to add background music and gifs, background pictures to this website but i do not have the time to do so.This website is created for users to send messages to other users without having to know phone number or email of others. It also gives the receiver flexibility to decide whether to view the message from other users. This website only has limited basic functions, which i admit can be further polished and developed.A bad design of this website would be is it case and space sensitive. Users may miss messages if name searched is not exactly correct, or capitalised. I would like to add background music and gifs, background pictures to this website but i do not have the time to do so.